Use `wit-dep` tool to automatically manage dependency vendoring (#23)
WebAssembly/wasi-http: README.md

wasm-tools component wit wit/ ...
```

The `wit/deps` directory contains a live snapshot of the contents of several
other WASI proposals upon which this proposal depends. It is automatically

> updated by running [`depit update`](https://crates.io/crates/depit-cli) in the

Reviewer: The project has been moved to https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wit-deps

```suggestion
updated by running [`wit-deps update`](https://crates.io/crates/wit-deps-cli) in the
```

Author: Cool!
